[DPP-589] Add CLI flag to select minimum enabled TLS version (#10854)
digital-asset/daml: ledger/daml-on-sql/README.rst

Sample command to start a server with private key encrypted: ``java -jar daml-on-sql-<version>.jar --pem server.pem.enc --crt server.crt --tls-secrets-url http://localhost:8080``.

> To specify minimum TLS version for the server, add either ``--tls-version 1.2`` or ``--tls-version 1.3``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify minimum TLS version for the server, add ``--tls-version <version>`` to the server invocation
```

Author: Ok
